update content type (#8217)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: contributing/content-types.md

* Guides contain at least one procedural section, plus at least one additional conceptual, referential, or procedural section.
* Content within guides follows the content order used throughout the site.
* Guides should include troubleshooting sections as frequently as possible. See the troubleshooting section below for more information.

> * Guides should include a section explaining who it's for, such as 'Who this is for' or `persona` frontmatter field. This helps communicate the guide's audience and helps set expectations. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Guides should include a section explaining who it's for, such as 'Who this is for' or `persona` frontmatter field (coming soon). This helps communicate the guide's audience and helps set expectations. 
```

> * Guides should include a section explaining who it's for, such as 'Who this is for' or `persona` frontmatter field (coming soon). This helps communicate the guide's audience and helps set expectations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Guides should include a section explaining who it's for, such as 'Who this is for' subsection or `persona` frontmatter field (coming soon).  "Who it's for" can even be a sentence using  the <IntroText> component to communicates the guide's audience and helps set expectations. For example:
```
